# Live-Drawing-Canvas-Test
   Web Application Challenge  You are expected to develop a live drawing canvas application. The application must be written in HTML5 and able to run from any browsers. The main purpose of this application is to share a virtual ‘whiteboard’ with other people. A canvas can be shared to more than one participants and each user should be able to see who’s joining the room. Every action to the canvas must be broadcasted to all participants in real-time. The application must support primitive drawing (such as: circle, triangle, square, and line), free style drawing, and eraser. Every changes made to the canvas must be saved so the next time user connects to the canvas,  he/she should be able to see the latest state. A nice toolbar with drawing tools is expected. A login page is a  nice to have.  Technical Requirements:       Timeline: 7 days Note: We give the same test for all candidates for the same position during a period of time. We do not expect you to "complete" the test but we will gauge your abilities based on test result. Also, we will not use the test result for any other purposes.  The use of Angular or Angular2 is highly recommended!  Must use websocket for communication  Can use either HTML5 Canvas OR SVG  Feel free to use any third-party support libraries (e.g: Bootstrap, etc)  Server side must be written in NodeJS  Can use MongoDB or other methods for storage   Please submit the source code to alfonso.pratama@petrolink.com or create a public repo at GitHub and send   the repo URL to the above email.   Security Classification: Public Location: Houston Once printed/downloaded this document is considered an uncontrolled version Page 1
